Questions - write queries for the following tasks
One point per question

List all the rectangles

Take a look at the data from the rectangles table.
How many rectangles are there?

What color is the widest rectangle?

What color is the tallest rectangle?

List all rectangles that are wider than they are tall

That is the width is larger than height
Calculate and select area of each rectangle

Area is width times height (just in case)
Use the AS keyword to call the column Area
What color is the largest rectangle?

Largest by area
What color is the rectangle that extends the most to the right?

Hint: the coordinates of the bottom right corner are
x + width, y + height
Find rectangle(s) with NULL color

List all the rectangles with color set to NULL
List all the different colors

Without duplicates
List all the different named colors

Without duplicates
Do not include NULL
Named colors are colors like red as opposed to RGB colors that look like #abcdef
List rectangle colors in upper case letters

Like this RED or #FF12B2
What is the course_id of the course with the longest name?

How many assignments are there with due dates in 2024?

Concatenate Course ID and name:

Write a query to list all courses, concatenating the course_id and course_name fields with a colon and a space between them. Like this:
"COMP1151: IT Essentials"
List courses with Labs on Mondays:

Write a query to find all courses that have a lab session scheduled on Monday. Include only the course_id, course_name, and lab_time in the result.
Past Assignments:

Write a query to list all assignments with a due date before the current date.
How many assignments are there for each course:

Write a query to count the number of assignments for each course.
Hint: GROUP BY
Bonus tasks
One point each, but the total grade can't be above 18.

List the number of assignments per semester

Write a query that list all semesters along with the number (count) of assignments for courses in that semester.
Show the red component of all the RGB colors

List all the rectangles with RGB colors (those that look like #abcdef) and create another column showing only the red component of the color.
The red component is the first 2 digits after the #. For example, for the color #a2cb89 the red component is a2.